Hello, there!

ps: be aware; I AM CURIOS

I’m Ibrohim Abdivokhidov. 

ps: I’m the founder CEO at Open Community: Making AI Uncool Again. (theopencommunity.co)

I do Computer Science at New Uzbekistan University. I’m focused on a wide range of research areas including, Neuroscience and AI. Currently, I am doing research analysis on STM32 microcontrollers, specifically focusing on the STM32F103 and STM32F407 Discovery boards. By exploring optimization strategies at both the C and assembly levels, and evaluating lightweight cryptographic primitives like ASCON, this work demonstrates the impact of targeted optimizations on code size, execution time, and resource utilization. It's a part of my Thesis graduation project.

ps: i'm planning to apply Paris Sciences et Lettres University, Masters in Neuroscience.

In the past, as an undergraduate research assistant, I authored a paper on Machine Learning. Published by Springer and Scopus indexed, ICSDI 2024. I have 5 more papers under peer review.

ps: writing stuff; articles, papers, stories, etc. all so interesting for me. lol.

Then, I got an offer from Souk, an Algerian e-commerce startup. There, I worked for roughly 9 months as a mobile developer.

ps: we could not find any investors then we stopped startup for a while.

I also worked as GenAI Research Scientist internship at HeadOn. My team did research on over 30 papers. We mostly focused on; “Human-AI collaboration for toughest political discussions”.

ps: after this internship i started better understand papers. (before was pretty different)

Recently, I presented my paper at the DKU 2024 conference. It was about; “Enhancing trade and investment patterns in Central Asia using AI”.

ps: there were only Ph.D. students and few Masters. lol.

I am an Open Source contributor at TruthSuite (formerly Anarchy Labs) (500+ stars on Github), Langflow (35K+ stars on Github).

ps: one of them YC backed company. try to guess, which one? 

At present, I am the 1st AI/ML API Regional Ambassador in Central Asia. I help developers to integrate AI tools to their workflows.

ps: i do research different techs and tools. i write comprehensive and step-by-step tutorials. my tutorials 100% outshines from the rest on the internet. why? i explain each tutorial from very scratch with screenshots where needed. i integrate different tools in one tutorial, to make it as real project as possible instead just a shitty tutorial. tutorial has tutorials inside as reference. you learn a lot of new things. believe me.

Till to the date I mentored over 200,000 developers.

ps: if i am not mistaken, starting from february 2023. and i started on lablabai.

At Open Community; We build Open Source AI-powered projects and tools for people. We also write comprehensive and step-by-step tutorials on those projects and share across socials like LinkedIn, Medium, Dev, and our Discord community. So anyone, whether he or she is a beginner, a professional developer, or just a tech enthusiast, has a chance to learn how to build real stuff with AI.

ps: open community was founded as experimental community. but it succeed. then i officially launched on 27th november. i also dropped world's first ai startup studio album. (https://www.youtube.com/@theopencommunity/)

pps: i've experience with music production, 3d modeling, game development, design, and etc. everything that requires the creativity.